# Module 3 Challenge: Analysis of Budget and Election Datasets Using Python
The purpose of this project is to write two different scripts for two different datasets to analyze the data and present various desired metrics in a summary table. The results are displayed both in the terminal and as a text file. 

## PyBank
The first dataset used is the financial records of a company. Using the provided csv, the script written is able to read the file and output the following:
* The total number of months tracked in the dataset
* The net total revenue over the given period
* The changes, month to month, of revenue over the given period, and the total average of those changes
* The month and amount of the largest increase in profits over the given period
* The month and amount of the largest decrease in profits over the given period

## PyPoll
The second dataset used is the ballot and voting information of a small town. Using the provided csv, the script written is able to read the file and output the following:
* The total number of votes cast for the election
* A complete list of unique candidates who won votes
* The percentage of the votes that each candidate won
* The total number of votes each candidate won
* The winner of the election based on popular vote

## References
cantugabriela (2018) Python-Challenge. GitHub repository,     https://github.com/cantugabriela/Python-Challenge
Larson, Mychele (2022) Python_Analysis. GitHub repository, https://github.com/mychele-larson/Python_Analysis/tree/main
Stewart, L (2019) python-challenge. GitHub repository, https://gitlab.com/laurelstewart/python-challenge

Note: the location of used or inspired code taken from the above sources is indicated within the Python script

## Copyright
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.


